to start. Could you tell me a little bit about what brought you in today?  Honestly, I don't feel quite right. I've had this paint in my chest for five days now  and I've been just feeling kind of out of breath.  Okay. Where are you feeling this paint?  It's kind of on the left side of my chest and it's just like a tiny  it's like a lingering sharp paint. I don't really feel it anywhere else. It's just kind of there  all the time right now. I've never had anything like this before.  Okay. So you're not feeling the pain radiate any to any other locations. You're just feeling it  sort of in the one spot on the left side? Yeah, yeah exactly.  Okay. And since this paint started five days ago, has it gotten any better, any worse?  Stayed the same? Like when it started, I was just like fitting on my coat and now it's harder if  I'm, it's worse if I'm walking around. Like if I walk just down the street to get the male,  but otherwise it's kind of just there. Like I took some tile and all and add  the bill and they maybe take the edge off a little bit but it's always there.  And it's worse when I take a deep breath than I really feel it.  Okay. So it's worse. Is the pain worse when you're walking as well? Like to get the male?  I don't know if the pain is but I can't catch my breath when I'm doing that.  Okay. And how far could you usually walk or yeah, usually walk before?  I go for long walks like every day, like probably like five kilometers or something.  Okay. So prior to this happening, you were feeling well?  Yeah, totally. I've not ever had any problems with my heart or lungs or anything.  I thought it was maybe just like a test infection, but I don't know anymore.  Okay. So you've had the difficulties breathing and the pain.  And have you had any other symptoms?  I think it's just those, those the two things that I said.  Okay. So have you been experiencing any fevers or chills?  No. Nothing like that.  Okay. How about any nausea or vomiting?  No.  Okay. And how has your energy been? Have you been experiencing any like significant fatigue?  Well, I mean, I've been doing less stuff because it's harder to breathe.  Like I'm getting kind of like I can't catch my breath. So I guess maybe a little bit like fatigue.  I see. Okay. But I'm feeling fine energy-wise prior to five days ago.  Yeah, totally. Okay. And have you been having any night sweats?  No. No. I haven't.  Okay. How about any unusual headaches?  No. All right. Have you felt as though your heart is racing or beating out of your chest at all?  No. No. It's just that like sharp, that sharp pain.  Okay. Have you had any episodes of lightheadedness or feeling like you might faint?  No. No. It's just a difficulty breathing that scares me, but it hasn't been like that.  Okay. Have you had a cough?  No. No. That's the thing. That's the excuse me, right?  Okay. Sometimes things can be associated with a cough. So we'll absolutely look into what the causes  of your symptoms are today. But you haven't brought up any any blood or any sputum?  No. No. Okay. And have you had any wheezing with your with your breath?  I don't think so. All right. And how about any abdominal pain?  No. No. I mean, the pain is like, yeah, it's in my chest. Yeah. It's not in my belly at all.  Okay. And have you had any urinary problems?  No. I mean, so I had a hysterectomy two weeks ago, maybe like maybe like a month ago now.  So after that, I was feeling a little like it's kind of not drinking as much. So I wasn't  peeing as much then, but I think it's normal now. Okay. And how have you recovered since the  hysterectomy? Were you like bed bound for quite a while afterwards or were you up at active?  Like, it was not really long that I maybe a few days. I wasn't walking as much, but I thought  I was like back to my normal self. Okay. Well, that's good. I'm glad that you recovered from that surgery  quickly. And what was the surgery for? I, I'm done having kids and I had, I was just having really  heavy periods still. So, and you know, a lot of pain there. So that's why I have a hysterectomy.  Okay. And have you had any bowel problems?  No. No. Okay. How about any skin changes or rashes?  No. Okay. Have any joint pains or, or leg pains or muscle pains?  No, I don't think so. Okay. So in regards to past health, any previous medical diagnoses?  No. Just like I had the hysterectomy, but I don't like take any medications. I don't have like  high blood pressure or anything. Okay. So, no prescription medications or over-the-counter medications,  you take regularly like supplements or? No. Just just those like the Advil and the Tylenol,  I was taking for the pain. Okay. And any other surgeries besides the hysterectomy?  Uh, like I have my wisdom teeth out when I was like a teeny, uh, that's it though.  Okay. And then how about any allergies?  Uh, I'm done. Okay. And are your immunizations up to date?  Okay. Uh, I think so. Um, yeah. Yeah. I don't, yeah. I don't think I didn't get anything that I was  supposed to. Okay. Oh, that's good. Um, and has anybody in your, your family experienced anything like  this before? My mom had a heart attack when she was like in her 70s. Uh,  other than that, I don't, I don't know. I don't think so. Okay. Any, um, uh, like cancers in the family or  or bleeding disorders or coagulation disorders? No, I don't think so. Okay. So I haven't heard of  anybody in the family having, uh, like a blood clot or, um, or a thrombosis anywhere?  Uh, like my mom's like cousin, but no, no one like, not like my parents or anything.  Okay. Um, so the next few questions I just wanted to ask you about your personal and, um, kind of  lifestyle habits a little bit. Um, but first could you tell me, uh, about your living situation?  Uh, yeah, I live, um, like I said, like I'm done having kids that I have, uh, two, two kids,  they're teenagers. I live, um, with them in my husband and, uh, we live not far from here.  Okay. And, uh, what do you do for work? Uh, I, uh, I'm an accountant.  Okay. And, um, do you drink alcohol?  Uh, maybe it's lots of wine on like the weekends, but not other than not.  Okay. And do you smoke cigarettes?  Uh, I do, I'm, I'm trying to stop, um, I smoke maybe like, uh, uh, I don't know, like five  per day or something at this point. Okay. But, uh, it sounds like you've been working on, uh,  cutting down, which is great. Um, and have you used any other recreational drugs?  Uh, no, no. I mean, when I was like younger, I sometimes, like, would use marijuana,  but I haven't really recently. Okay. And, um, have you been on any, been on any like long trips recently?  No, I would.  A fair enough vacation would be great. Um, okay. So, um, but that was all I get the questions  that I wanted to, uh, ask on, on history. Um, we're going to, um, run some investigations.  I'm concerned that you might, uh, have a pulmonary embolism. Um, and so, uh, we're going to,  do some lab work in imaging to investigate that.  Okay. Yeah. Is that scary? Is that bad?  Um, it can vary from being mild to, um, to severe. And, uh, so that's what we want to, um,  get some of the imaging and lab work to see, um, well, to first confirm if that's what you actually have.  And if, if so, um, offer the, the right treatment.  Okay. I think, stop there.  Uh, you're welcome. We'll get that started.