We'll bring you in here today.  I'm here because my left hand kind of just like at the base of my thumb has been hurting  for the past two days and it seems to be getting worse and I'm left handed so it's really  hard for me to write or do anything or I have to like clench or grip things.  Okay, and how long has this been going on for?  So for the past two days but it's got it's got bad yesterday.  Okay, and have you had any, if you were to describe the pain, where is it located exactly?  It's just at the base of my thumb, you know where the fleshy part of your hand is.  Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, so just just over there.  Okay, and what kind of pain is it, is it sharp or is it aching?  It's like a baseline, it's an achy pain but if I try to move it or try to write or you  know use a computer or anything like that, it becomes sharp.  On a scale of 0 to 10, 10 being the worst pain you've felt in your life, how much would you rate it?  I'd say like a six.  Okay, and does this pain move anywhere else in your hand or does it just stay where you described?  It just stays there.  Okay, and what kind of motions caused the most pain?  I'd say like, you know, trying to touch my pinky with my thumb, that hurts, just like trying to  rotate it hurts.  Okay, have you tried anything for the pain that has helped?  No, I haven't really tried too much, I've just tried not to use it as much.  I see, okay, and has this ever like, have you ever had any injuries to this  hand, any trauma, either recently or in the past?  No, nothing like that.  Okay, and is there any, do you do any kind of repetitive work that requires  gripping or lifting with that hand, anything repetitive?  So, I do a lot of work at the computer, and I guess I tend to type a lot with my left hand,  so maybe that.  Okay, and sorry, I also take lots of notes, like handwriting notes with my left hand.  Okay, so are you left-handed?  Yes.  Okay, all right, have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions in the past?  No.  No, so you're healthy?  Yes.  Do you take any medications on a regular basis?  No, no.  Okay, any allergies to any medications?  No, allergies.  Okay, any previous surgeries or hospitalizations?  No.  No, any family history of any medical conditions,  whether it's musculoskeletal or over to logic, any conditions?  No, nothing like that.  Okay, any cancers in the family?  I know there's, yeah, there's a lot of cancer in the family.  There's colon cancer, breast cancer, or wearing in cancer.  Okay, and are they first degree relatives who have those cancers?  No, first degree relatives, just like aunts and uncles.  Okay, all right, and currently are you working right now or have you had any time  all for or for any modified duties?  So I'm still working online.  I've just haven't been taking notes by hand anymore.  I see.  And has that helped at all?  Yeah, it has helped a little bit because I'm not moving my hand as much,  so it helps with the pain.  Okay.  Have you taken any  Tylenol at all, anything for the pain?  No, I haven't.  All right, and currently right now, what is your living situation like?  I live in an apartment by myself.  Okay, and do you currently smoke cigarettes?  I used to smoke like five years ago, and I only did that for like a year or two,  and it wasn't very much, but I don't smoke anymore.  Okay, that's good.  Any alcohol?  I don't have like a beer on the weekend.  Okay, any recreational drugs like marijuana?  Um, I will take an edible like once a month.  Okay.  And yeah, those were just some of the questions I had.  And we're just going to do a few things for examining that area.  So are you able to make a list?  Um, I can, but it hurts.  Okay, and it hurts in that location that you mentioned?  Yes.  Okay, how about, um, if you make a list about your thumb,  does it still hurt, or is it just when you are moving the thumb?  It's just when I'm moving the thumb.  Okay, and if you were able to, are you able to rotate your wrist?  Uh, yes, I can rotate my wrist.  Does that hurt at all?  No.  Okay, um, now I just want you to do this one test.  It's called a single scene test.  Okay.  So I want you to let your thumb press it up, uh, down against your palm.  Okay.  And then hold your head.  Sorry, no, go ahead.  Yeah, and then after you do that, um, um, bring your fingers above your thumb  or just cover your thumb.  Okay.  Kind of like a fist, but your thumb is on the inside of your fingers.  Okay.  And then, uh, bring your, uh, arm out.  Okay.  And with your other hand, can you, uh, from above, push your wrist downwards.  So your, uh, pinky finger is, uh, pointing to the, pointing to the ground.  Okay.  Yeah, and does that hurt at all?  Like, when you, so this is just called an all-nerd deviation of your, um, of your wrist.  Uh, does that hurt at all?  Yes, that is very painful.  That's very painful.  Okay.  All right.  Um, and then you're also having pain and gripping and okay.  So those are kind of all the things I want to ask.  Uh, it seems that you may be having something, uh, called a thick wear of the ends, uh,  you know, synovitis.  Um, it's caused by some repetitive motions that it can be due to gripping.  Uh, in terms of happens to, uh, new mothers who are left in their children as well as  their care workers.  It can also happen in other work environments.  Um, so what we will first just need to do.  Um, is we may need to just pull up something like osteoarthritis.  You are fairly young, but if there was ever an injury in the past,  you can have an early osteoarthritis in the area.  So we just want to get an X-ray.  Um, but other than that, the way we kind of deal with this issue is usually  conservatively and with the splint.  Uh, and it's splint for your thumb.  That helps relieve some of these symptoms, um, restrict some of your movements,  reduces some of the swelling.  And if it does get really bad, it's affecting your work and the conservative management  could pain and the splint don't work.  And if you get therapy, we do, um, offer, uh, injecting corticosteroids into just  right, look in the area that you mentioned, right below the thumb.  Um, and that often has some symptoms as well.  Um, but uh, first yeah, let's just do some conservative management and see if that helps.  It's only been a few days.  So hopefully, um, we'll try first helps and then we can go on from there.  Okay, yeah, that sounds great.  Thank you.  Welcome to take care.  You too.